Add LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp feature in alpha; move LegacyServiceAccountTokenTracking to GA (#41341)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

  OpenTelemetry trace spans.
  See [Traces for Kubernetes System Components](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/system-traces) for more details.
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenNoAutoGeneration`: Stop auto-generation of Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp`: Clean up Secret-based

>   [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).

Reviewer: What does this "clean up" means to end users?
Is this really a user aware implementation change?

Author: > What does this "clean up" means to end users? 
> Is this really a user aware implementation change?

When this feature is default to be enabled in beta, those automatically generated service account token will be deleted if they are not been used for a time period (default to be one year). Please refer to 
[KEP]: https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-auth/2799-reduction-of-secret-based-service-account-token for the rationale and https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/115554#event-9352349820 for the implementation.

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification. I believe this clarification could be incorporated into the feature description, or else people like me may treat it as an implementation clean up rather than token clean up.

Reviewer: btw, as someone who is too bandwidth limited to check the design or the source code, I'd suggest we articulate user perceivable changes clearly.

Author: Thank you, Qiming. I updated the feature description.

  [service account tokens](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens).

> - `LegacyServiceAccountTokenTracking`: Track usage of Secret-based
>   [service account tokens](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens).
> - `LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp`: Clean up Secret-based
>   [service account tokens](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication/#service-account-tokens).

Reviewer 2: We try to keep this sorted, so how about:
```suggestion
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenCleanUp`: Clean up legacy Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).
- `LegacyServiceAccountTokenTracking`: Track usage of legacy Secret-based
  [service account tokens](/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token).
```

I would also link to https://k8s.io/docs/concepts/security/service-accounts/#get-a-token; that concept page didn't exist when the TokenRequest work began.
